---
title: DMEEA-WP1MS2.1-24W26-Summary!
date: 2024-06-25 00:00:00 +0000
author_id:
  name: Haotian MA
  github: TSdreamer
  url: tsdreamer.github.io
categories: [PhD Life]
tags: [weekly updates, DMEEA]

comments: true
math: true
mermaid: true
image:
  path: /images/June-2024/Germany.jpeg
  alt: June 17th, 2024 to June 25 th, 2024
---


## 1.Key Achievements This Week (Total Working Hours: 38 ,Time Series)


| Day       | Task                      | Time Invested (Hours) | Time Percentage | Completion Status (%) |
|-----------|---------------------------|-----------------------|-----------------|-----------------------|
| **Monday**    | New Accommodation Arrangement | 5                     | 12.5%            | 100                   |
|           | Visit to London           | 4                     | 10%              | 100                   |
|           | Germany Visa Application  | 6                     | 15%              | 100                   |
| **Tuesday**   | Advisory Board Meeting    | 5                     | 12.5%            | 100                   |
| **Wednesday** | Meeting with Sai         | 3                     | 7.5%             | 100                   |
| **Thursday**  | IEEE Learning            | 5                     | 12.5%            | 100                   |
|           | Matlab Learning            | 5                     | 12.5%            | 100                   |
| **Flexible**  | Business Cooperation     | 5                     | 12.5%            | 100                   |

## Time Management Strategies:
- **Total Working Hours**: 38 hours
- **Daily Allocation**: Aim to keep average daily working hours under 8 to ensure efficiency and prevent burnout.
- **Key Task Allocation**: Schedule critical tasks like meetings and visa application early in the week to allow ample time for any follow-up required.
- **Learning and Development**: Position learning activities towards mid to end of the week to focus after handling urgent and important administrative tasks.


This time management and activity allocation can help PhD students effectively balance work and study tasks while ensuring personal well-being.

## **Detailed Progress Report**

### **2.1. Research and Experiment（40%）**
- **Purpose:** As a STEM practitioner,this is a core part of the doctoral student's energy allocation, including experimental design, data collection, analysis and interpretation of results. Doctoral students are expected to devote considerable time to research on their topic, which is the foundation of their academic identity and career.

- **Advisory Board：**
  - Have a meeting with Prof.Khovanova Natasha;
  - I will have a meeting with Prof.Sai Gu and Prof.Xiaowei Zhao separately.

- **Matlab Trying：**
  - Learning to use simulink for the project;
  - Followed by 1st principle,what is needed by the real world? Porblem statement,then your solution.Fast!
  - Build the Matlab model followed by the tutorial provided by Matlab.Matlab is much more powerful compared with Aspen Plus.
  
- **Aspen Simulation：**
  - Learning to use Aspen Plus for the project;

### **2.2. Learning and Training（30%）**
- **Time Investment:** 20 hours.
  - **Focus:** Preparing a new research proposal and participating in a training camp on transfer learning skills.

- **IEEE Learning**
  - Meeting with Jiawei Wang,Richard Liu and Yinbo Hu to have a discussion about IEEE. 
  - Will register to be a IEEE fellow.


### **2.3. Administration & Business（20%）**
- **Purpose:** As a STEM practitioner, engaging in political and business activities aims to secure resources and support, understand and shape norms and policies, uphold ethics and social responsibility, and foster commercial and interdisciplinary collaborations, thereby enhancing societal well-being through scientific progress.

- **New Accommodation**
  - **Time:** 5 hours of 40 hours for the week.
  - **Activities:** Discussions with Kerrie and the Wellbeing team on securing safe and suitable accommodation.

- **TSu Energy**
  - **Updates:** Development based on industrial needs. TSu Spotlights and a new channel, TSu Record, have been successfully launched.

- **Germany/US Visa**
  - **Progress:** Applications for both visas submitted, including arrangements for health insurance in Germany.
  - **Next Steps:** Pass the visa to the US embassy after receiving the passport.

- **Total Time Investment:** 20 Hours

### **2. Research Development**
- **Time Investment:** 30 hours of the total 70 hours.
- **Activities:**
  - Rewriting the Progress Report from Chapters 1 to 5.
  - Conducting a literature review.

### **3. Learning and Training**
- **Time Investment:** 20 hours.
- **Focus:** Preparing a new research proposal and participating in a training camp on transfer learning skills.
---

## **3.Summary and Proposal**

### **Last Week's Schedule**
- [x] Conversation with the review panel.
- [x] Paper rewriting.

### **This Week's Plan**
- [ ] Full Update Report, focusing on system-level model construction.
- [ ] Conversation with Prof. Sai GU.
- [ ] Meeting with the review panel.

### **This Month's Outcome**
- [ ] Upgrade materials.
- [ ] Viva Preparation.




