---
title: DMEEA-WP1MS1.3-24W11
date: 2024-03-11 01:13:00 +0000
author_id:
  name: Haotian MA
  github: TSdreamer
  url: tsdreamer.github.io
categories: [PhD Life,DMEEA]
tags: [weekly updates]

comments: true
math: true
mermaid: true
image:
  path: /images/Mar-2024/sceenshot2.png
  alt: March 4th, 2024 to March 11th, 2024
---



## Key Achievements This Week (Total Working Hours: 70)

| Task                                | Time Investment | Status (%) |
|-------------------------------------|-----------------|------------|
| Paper 2 Finalization                | 20/70           | 28.57      |
| 2 Abstract Review                   | 20/70           | 28.57      |
| Paper 3 (System Model Construction) | 5/70            | 7.14       |
| Next Step Determination             | 20/70           | 28.57      |
| Training about Carbon               | 5/70            | 7.14       |



## Detailed Progress Report

1. **Paper 2 Finalization**
   - **Time Investment:** 20 hours out of a total 70 hours allocated for the week.
   - **Status:** Approximately 28.57% complete. The focus has been on finalizing the content, ensuring that the research findings are accurately represented and thoroughly analyzed.

2. **2 Abstract Review**
   - **Time Investment:** 20 hours out of a total 70 hours allocated for the week.
   - **Status:** Approximately 28.57% complete. This task involved critically reviewing two abstracts for clarity, coherence, and impact, ensuring they accurately summarize the research findings and implications.

3. **Paper 3 (System Model Construction)**
   - **Time Investment:** 5 hours out of a total 70 hours allocated for the week.
   - **Status:** Approximately 7.14% complete. Initial steps have been taken to construct the system model for Paper 3, laying the groundwork for more detailed development in the following weeks.



## Team Contribution
I provided Dehan with carbon emissions data for the year 2010 from 182 Chinese cities, sourced from the National Bureau of Statistics, environmental protection departments, and public reports on energy consumption. The dataset detailed carbon emissions from four major sectors: industrial, transportation, residential, and commercial. 

The rewritten research proposal (RP) includes a comprehensive description of the data sources, algorithm flowcharts, research objectives, and methodology. Moreover, we established bi-weekly meetings conducted via Teams to discuss research progress, data analysis results, and next steps. During these meetings, Dehan presents his work progress, including data visualizations, model training outcomes, and preliminary findings, while I provide expert feedback, guiding data interpretation and methodological adjustments.



## This Weeks' Schedule (80 hours allocated)

- [x] Last Week's Schedule
  + [x] Review and Finalize Paper 2(component level);
  + [x] Incorporate Findings from Recent Work to Paper 3(system level);
  + [x] Organize the formulas and data sources appearing in the fourth article;

- [ ] This Week's Plan
  + [ ] Review and Finalize Paper 2(component level) for Submission;
  + [ ] Model Construction to Paper 3(system level);
  + [ ] Research Proposal for a new project;

- [ ] This Month's Outcome
  + [ ] Upgration Materials;
  + [ ] Viva Preparation



