---
title: DMEEA-WP1MS2.1-24W18-London Visit,Visa,Advisory Board!
date: 2024-04-27 01:13:00 +0000
author_id:
  name: Haotian MA
  github: TSdreamer
  url: tsdreamer.github.io
categories: [PhD Life]
tags: [weekly updates, DMEEA]

comments: true
math: true
mermaid: true
image:
  path: /images/Apr-2024/28.04.2024.png
  alt: April 23th, 2024 to April 27 th, 2024
---


## Key Achievements This Week (Total Working Hours: 70)
| Task                                | Time Investment| Status (%) |
|-------------------------------------|----------------|------------|
| Monday: New Accommodation           | 5/40           | 100        |
| Monday: London Visit                | 4/40           | 100        |
| Monday: Germany Visa                | 6/40           | 100        |
| Tuesday: Advisory Board             | 5/40           | 100        |
| Wednesday: Meeting with Sai         | 3/40           | 100        |
| Thursday: IEEE Learning             | 5/40           | 100        |
| Thursday:  Matlab Learning          | 5/40           | 100        |
| Friday:  Matlab Learning            | 5/40           | 100        |
| Business Cooperation                | 5/40           | 100        |



## Detailed Progress Report
1. **Administration & Business**
- **The purpose of a great STEM practitioner participating in political and business activities is to obtain resources and project support, understand and influence norms and policies related to scientific research and technological development, ensure that their work meets the standards of ethics and social responsibility, and promote the commercialization of scientific and technological achievements. transformation, as well as expanding the field of knowledge and horizons through interdisciplinary cooperation, so as to better serve the overall well-being of society through scientific and technological progress. This cross-border ability enables them to communicate and collaborate effectively outside their professional fields, promote the development and application of science and technology, and ensure that scientific and technological achievements can have a positive long-term impact on society.** 
- **New Accommodation** 
  - 5 hours out of a total 40 hours allocated for the week.
  - Discussion with Kerrie and Wellbeing team about a safe shelter and new accommodation.
- **TSu Energy** 
  - TSu Energy will be developed based on the actural need of the industry.
  - TSu Spotlights has been developed well.
  - A new Chanel has been developed named TSu Record.
- **Germany/US Visa** 
  - Germany and US visa has been submitted,and health insurance also added during the time in Germnay.
  - Will pass my visa to US embassdory after obtaining my passport.
  - All the internship visa materials including: contract, internship schedule, insurance, high salary, student status letter, reference, payroll information.
- **Total Time Investment: 20Hours** 

2. **Research Development**
   - **Time Investment:** 30 hours out of a total 70 hours allocated for the week.
   - **Status:** 
   - Rewrite the Progress Report from Chapter1 to Chapter5
   - Calling for Literature Review Part

3. **Learning and Training**
   - **Time Investment:**  20 hours out of a total of 70 hours allocated for the week were spent preparing a new research proposal and participating in a transfer learning skills training camp.

## This Weeks' Schedule (80 hours allocated)

- [x] Last Week's Schedule
  + [x] Have a coversation with review panel;
  + [x] Paper rewritting;

- [ ] This Week's Plan
  + [ ] Full Update Update Report,with a focus on system level's model construction;
  + [ ] A conversation with Prof.Sai GU;
  + [ ] Meeting with review panel;

- [ ] This Month's Outcome
  + [ ] Upgration Materials;
  + [ ] Viva Preparation



